All right.
Welcome back.
So in the last couple of sections we focused on select and we're going to continue that trend in this
section.
We're going to talk about some of the other tools that we'll be able to use to get more specific when
we're selecting things.
So we'll be able to do things like sort our results that we get back in alphabetical order or reverse
alphabetical order or limit the number that we get or only get unique results back and a bunch of other
things that we'll be able to combine and use just as other tools in our arsenal or or weapons rather
in our arsenal.
So before we do that though I want to start by just adding a little bit more data to the books that
we're currently working with.
Basically I want to have a bit more variety.
So I'd like to insert three new books and they look like this.
So we have one here 10 percent happier by Dan Harris release in 2014.
We have 29 in stock and it's 256 pages long.
You'll see why we have said why we're inserting not just a couple of videos but there is a reason we're
going to come back to it and then we have a fake book.
So just imagine that we're testing our system or something and we want to make sure it works or we have
fake underscore book and then that's written by Frida Harris in 2001.
287 copies in stock 428 pages.
And then this is actually one so I haven't read either of these but this is one I just finished.
And that's one of the reasons I added it and there's another one though.
It's really good.
By the way if you're looking for a book called Lincoln in the bardo by George Saunders released just
this year and we have a thousand copies in stock because it's brand new.
So we haven't sold any or we haven't sold many yet.
Or maybe we're anticipating a big flood of sales.
And it's 367 pages.
So either type it up or copy and pasted in the code is available along with this video and we're going
to just copy and run over here make sure that we're doing let's make sure we're working with the correct
database.
All right.
And bookshop.
And we'll just paste that in in certain books.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
We don't need to go over everything.
All right.
So we get three rows affected.
Let's do a select title from books.
Just make sure that we have those in there.
Here we go.
We had to consider the lobster in the last section.
Now we have 10 percent happier Facebook and LinkedIn in the Barta.
All right.
So that's all I want to do here.
I highly recommend that you go and do this if you want to follow along.
It will make the exercises much easier.
It will make them possible in the first place and you'll be able to type the code that I type on your
own.
So I highly recommend that you do it.
But I guess you could just watch if you want to do so without further ado let's get on to the new stuff.